I think what Sahai is doing is total BS so I'm going to release passwords as soon as possible so that "lazy" students can watch the lecture videos.
Password for 2-1-16 lecture: slithytoves
Password for 2-3-16 lecture: brillig
Password for 2-5-16 lecture: Twas
Password for 2-8-16 lecture: allmimsy
Password for 2-10-16 lecture: borogoves
I'll update this when a new password is thrown up.
EDIT
Changed a few things but the passwords since my friends got me paranoid. Also if this post goes down I'll just make my own subreddit and type the passwords down in there. Worst-case scenario I make a torrent.
EDIT2
I don't want to flood this subreddit with EE16B issues only, so I made a separate subreddit for Sahai's EE16B passwords only. It's called /r/SahaiPasswords.
EDIT3
Sahai responded to this! His response:
Denial of service attack launched against lecture video access by social means
We are sorry that one of your classmates has launched a denial of service attack against you all having access to the lecture video for today. This kind of disrespect for the solution that you all had crafted (it was a student idea that was implemented), is quite troubling to us. I was proud of 16B students being creative and working to find a solution. It took some time for us to implement, but we did it.
Please discuss below to see if there is a way for a course to balance different needs, take input and thoughtful feedback, and then take a decision. We know that no decision will ever make everyone 100% happy or meet all reasonable goals simultaneously. Traditionally, we believe that sincerely listening and being willing to iteratively improve the approach is the way that true respect is shown. In any mature community, even those that disagree and whose points of view are not adopted show respect by understanding that tradeoffs have to be made, and do not actively try to sabotage the approaches taken when they don't get their way. This isn't how people should act in a community. Trust is the foundation of all relationships, especially educational ones. Students need to be able to trust faculty and course staff, and faculty and course staff need to be able to trust students.
What should we do?
I am not going in-depth how much BS this reeks. He removed the videos in response. I will state that his actions have shown it was NOT done for the students' benefit.
We trusted the EE16B staff to do the right thing, to do right by the students. He did not follow the students' wishes. Still, we consented to the new video policy.
What I did was NOT going against the new video policy. We are allowed to share the password with our friends. I consider everyone to be my friend since I initially assume no one means any harm against me. I have friends that cannot make it to class. This is for everyone's benefit.